doc(release): add osx required notes and a missing step (#2571)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: doc/dev/release.md

$ git config [--global] user.email "$GPG_EMAIL"
```

Also, make sure that you setup the git gpg config as follows.
```bash

>  cat ~/.gnupg/gpg.conf

Reviewer: Why run this command?

Author: To check if the config files are set up with the `default-key`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ cat ~/.gnupg/gpg.conf
...
```

> default-key $GPG_KEY_ID

Reviewer: Is `default-key` a macOS command?

Author: No. It is required in any system and is checked in the Makefile. See; https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/blob/master/Makefile#L135

Reviewer: Ah I see why you have this in here.

```

> > **NOTE** If you will do a release from an OSX then, to be able to assign the tag you need to do:

Reviewer: Why are these block quoted?

Author: It was just to bring a better layout. However, if you did not like it then, I will change.

Reviewer: I'd rather see `**Note for OSX users:**. The block quote is too aggressive IMO.

> - Try first:
> ```bash

> > run `git config --global gpg.program gpg2`, to make sure git uses gpg2 and not gpg

Reviewer: Don't put uncommented sentences in a code block.

> run `echo "test" | gpg2 --clearsign`, to make sure gpg2 itself is working
> ```

> > - If that all looks all right, one next thing to do is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - If the above commands execute successfully, install the following packages:
```

> ```bash

> > $brew install pinentry-mac gnupg2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> $ brew install pinentry-mac gnupg2
```

> ```

> > - And then, to tell git that’s the GPG program want to use, run this: `git config --global gpg.program gpg2`

Reviewer: ````suggestion
> - To configure `git` to use the correct GPG binary, run:

```bash
$ git config --global gpg.program gpg2
```
````

$ git config [--global] user.email "$GPG_EMAIL"
```

Also, make sure that you setup the git gpg config as follows.
```bash
$ cat ~/.gnupg/gpg.conf
default-key $GPG_KEY_ID
```

> **NOTE** If you do a release from an OSX machine, you need to use `gnu-gpg` to assign the tag. Following the steps to setup it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE** If you do a release from an OSX machine, you need to configure `gnu-gpg` to sign the release's tag:
```

> **NOTE** If you will do a release from an OSX then, to be able to assign the tag you need to use `gnu-gpg`. Following the step to do this setup.

Reviewer 2: This can flow a little better.

If you do a release from an OSX machine, you need to use `gnu-gpg` to assign the tag.

> - Install the requirements by running : `brew install gpg2 gnupg pinentry-mac`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install the requirements by running: `brew install gpg2 gnupg pinentry-mac`
```

$ ./release.sh v1.3.0
```

> **NOTE** To run the above script from an OSX env you will need to: 

> > - Use gnu-sed instead of the default sed for the script work. Install it with `brew uninstall gnu-sed` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - The `./release.sh` script requires gnu-sed instead of the default installed sed. Install it with: `brew install gnu-sed`.
```

> - Export the gnu-sed to use it as "sed" in your bash profile. (E.g `export PATH="/usr/local/opt/gnu-sed/libexec/gnubin:$PATH"`)

> > - Ensure that you will be using the GNU make instead of the default provide one by installing it with `brew install make`. Note that you need to add the new path in the bash profile as well. (E.g `export PATH="/usr/local/opt/make/libexec/gnubin:$PATH"`)

Reviewer: There should be a better way than modifying `PATH` for these two commands. Is `gnu-sed` not added to `PATH` after installation, ex. in `/usr/local/bin`?

Author: No, it is not added by default. The brew will add the output the msg but to `export PATH="/usr/local/opt/make/libexec/gnubin:$PATH"` but IMO it is important to highlight here since it is someone just miss it.

Reviewer: I'd rather not see "here's how to modify your shell environment" in a release doc, as different shells are used across the dev community. I'd rather see something like:
> Make sure you install GNU `sed` and `make` as you cannot use OSX defaults, then ensure they are present in your $PATH as `sed` and `make`, respectively.

Author: Since it is specific for OSX I' like to describe the steps to the install, however, I improve the text with your suggestion a well.

$ ./release.sh v1.3.0
```

> **NOTE** The `./release.sh` script requires `GNU sed` and the `GNU make` instead of the default installed sed. Install them with: `brew install gnu-sed` and `brew install make` and then, ensure they are present in your `$PATH`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE** The `./release.sh` script requires `GNU sed` and the `GNU make` instead of the default installed sed. Install them with: `brew install gnu-sed` and `brew install make`, then ensure they are present in your `$PATH`.
```
